# DSA2
ex 1
 Sydney Fox (world famous teacher of ancient history) and her assistant, Nigel Bailey, found a book written in an unknown language, but using the same letters as the English alphabet - no uppercase, only lowercase (example a, b, c ....). The book contains a brief index, but the order of the index words is different from the English alphabet. The treasure hunters attempted to use this index to determine the order of characters in the unknown language but failed. Write a program to help treasure hunters to determine the order of characters in the unknown language and display this order in a file. You must use topological sorting with graphs. Display the built graph used for solving the problem.
 The problem is using a dfs function that uses a stack to keep track of the visited vertices in the order of their exploration. Then in the topologicalSort function we initialize an array to keep track of all visited vertices, creating an empty stack to store the characters in the sorted order and then displaying them in the order of the unknown language. The program in mainly done in the two functions and in the main the words are just read, sorted and the functions called. 
ex 2
 A Quad tree is used frequently in image processing. Each image can be divided into four quadrants. Each quadrant can also be divided into other four quadrants, etc. In a Quad tree, the image is represented as a parent node, while the quadrants are represented as four child nodes. If the whole image has only one colour, then the quad tree contains only one node. A quadrant has to be divided only if it has pixels of various colours. This means that the tree might not have a balanced form. A graphical designer works with images of 32 * 32 units, this means 1024 pixels/ image. One of the operations he has to make is overlapping two images, with the purpose of obtaining a new black-and-white one. In the new image, one pixel is black if it is black in at least one of the two initial images, otherwise it is white. He wants to know how many black pixels he will have in the new image, before doing the overlapping operation, as images with too many black pixels are expensive to be printed. You have to help him by writing a program which calculates how many black pixels the final image will have. Unfortunately, he does not trust anybody, so he does not want to give you the initial pictures, only the Quad representations of them. Input for your program: a pair of strings representing the two images. Thus, an image is represented by the preorder traversal of its Quad tree: letter „p” means a parent-node, letter „b” means a child-node for a black quadrant, letter „w” means a child-node for a white quadrant. The pair of strings can be read from the console or from a file. Output for your program: preorder traversal of the Quad tree of the final image and the number of black pixels contained by it, based on the black pixels contained by each initial image. Pay attention to overlapping black pixels of the initial im
 This program generates quadtrees based on strings and then uses functions to merge them and calculate and display the number of black pixels. When merging them it uses  the imput strings and returns another string. That string is then used to generate the merged tree.
